[thrilling music]
[man gasping]
[panting in distance]
[hurried footsteps]
[people exclaim]
[panic breathing]
[tires screeching]
[horn honking]
[panting]
[breathing heavily]
[Kawahara grunts]
[grunting]
[suspenseful music]
[Kawahara groans]
[shrieks]
[thuds]
[groaning]
[Kawahara panting]
[metallic swooshing]
[wails]
[Hans] Don't go making this difficult.
Not the brightest, are you?
You could've saved yourself all this pain
if you just handed it over quietly.
[slurps]
[opera music]
[narrator] Here, there is a single plate.
The message it carries
is a warning to us in the present.
From an advanced ancient civilization
that grew too advanced
and was destroyed.
This is their message.
"Protect our heritage from the wicked."
Trusting in this message,
one organization strives
to keep the advanced
ancient civilization sealed away.
The special operatives
of that organization are called…
"Spriggan."
[theme music]
[ominous music]
[Director Yamamoto] Professor Kawahara
was sympathetic to ARCAM's cause,
and had worked with us before.
He was with our team in Alexandria
supervising one of our archeological
digs there.
How awful.
Whoever killed him sure had fun.
Professor Kawahara was apparently found
cut up into five pieces.
And his limbs, it looks like they were
torn off while he was still alive…
I'm so sorry, Yu.
I really shouldn't be saying all of this
in front of you.
[Yu] Don't worry about it.
We just need to recover this
before someone evil gets there first.
THE CRYSTAL SKULL
[dramatic music]
[woman] Did you know my father?
[gasps]
[Yu grunts]
Nice to meet you…
Miss… Uh, Ma'am. My name is Yu Ominae.
[Yu] I'm from ARCAM's archaeology
research center.
Ah, you're with ARACAM.
[scoffs]
Well, I'm Suzuko. I'm his daughter.
Uh…
[Suzuko] My father used to be
an upstanding archaeologist
devoted to his family.
But then, after he got himself involved
with you at ARCAM,
he started changing.
He became obsessed with it,
searching for fictional occult artifacts.
My mother died from worry and heartache,
but he still didn't come home.
[Suzuko] And now…
now he ends up like this.
To be blunt, it's as though
you killed my parents yourselves.
Besides that…
Yeah?
[Suzuko] How old are you?
You look like you're still in school.
Yeah.
You got me.
Second year of high school. I'm 17.
[Suzuko] It's the middle
of second term right now.
Shouldn't you be studying?
What about midterm test?
Well, uh… I mean, I… How do you know that?
'Cause I teach high school history.
I'm currently on leave.
Thanks to all this.
[sighs]
What sort of organization is ARCAM anyway?
Taking high school students
and sending them on treasure hunts.
They're such a disgrace to archaeology.
Ms. Kawahara, do you not believe
in what your father was doing?
I live in the real world unlike my dad.
So no, I do not believe in nonsense
like OOPArts.
He didn't work with us just to play out
some little boy's adventure fantasy.
He put his life on the line
to dig up dangerous artifacts
and protect the world from them.
He was a truly amazing person.
[Suzuko] You've spent
too much time online.
You should learn a bit more commonsense.
You're a teacher. Shouldn't you be
a bit more open to new ideas?
[scoffs]
If you're that resistant to change,
how can you understand students?
Hey, who do you think you are
talking to me that way?
High schoolers these days
have no idea how to speak to their sen--
[Suzuko shrieks]
What? Huh?
[grunting]
[people murmuring]
What are you doing?
You'll bite your tongue
if you don't shut up!
Hey! Put me down, now!
[Suzuko] Hold on a second, stop!
[people clamoring]
[panting]
[Yu] A Walther P99, huh?
[gunshot]
You don't look like German police!
[grunting]
[gunshot]
[shrieks]
Hey, that hurt!
Say you're sorry!
[people yelp]
[upbeat music]
[drone whirring]
[Kutheimer] Take a look.
This is your target.
He's an agent of an organization
that seals and destroys ancient relics.
ARCAM, they call themselves.
[Kutheimer] He is one
of their S-rank elite agents.
ARCAM calls them Spriggan.
[scoffs]
What is it about this kid that's getting
you so worked up, Captain Kutheimer?
I'd have no trouble chopping him
into little pieces.
There's one more thing.
Watch it to the end. Bo.
-[Bo] Sir.
-[device beeps]
[gasps]
Could an average human
pick up on the presence
of an enemy at a distance like that?
What do you think, Mirage?
Those who put themselves in mortal danger
often tend to develop a keen sense
for murderous intent in others.
[Mirage] He is undoubtedly first class
in that regard.
However, Captain Sir,
if I may speak plainly,
he's good but still young.
[instrumental music]
[Yu] Kristoff Baermann.
Belongs to the National Socialist
Patriots' Party.
Under surveillance by the BFV.
One of those far-right wing
extremist groups.
[gasps]
What the hell?
-[Suzuko] You got shot.
-[Yu grunting]
-Sit still I'm cleaning the wound.
-I said I'm fine. Hey, cut it out!
Hold on.
[Suzuko] There's no blood?
And is this clothing?
[grunts]
I'm serious! I'm fine, okay?
This is called an Armored Muscle Suit.
[scoffs]
And it's really awesome clothing.
[Yu] It was developed using tricks
we learned from various OOPArts
your father helped us dig out.
[Suzuko] So who were those people?
What kind of people are you fighting with?
[Yu] Good question. I wish I knew.
Ha! I can tell that you're lying,
you know.
It's them, isn't it?
The ones who killed my father.
Uh…
Come on, tell me honestly.
What really happened?
[Suzuko] Please,
I want to know the real truth.
[breathes deeply]
-[Yu] Here.
-[Suzuko] Mm.
[Yu] I'm gonna tell you the real truth
and then, you're going back to Japan.
This is what you're father was protecting
right until the end.
That's the crystal skull.
[Yu] Huh? You already know about it?
Well, obviously. I am a history teacher.
But why this one in particular?
At least 10 other skulls like it
have been discovered.
[Suzuko] So it's hardly something to steal
and murder people over.
If you're talking
about those other skulls, then sure.
[Suzuko] Huh?
But the one that's in that photo
is different.
Whatever material that one's
made of isn't crystal.
And it contains incredible power.
[Yu] An object like this
should be impossible
with the technology
that was available at the time.
It's a real OOPArt.
I don't know.
I'm not sure I believe all this stuff.
What sort of incredible power
is supposedly in this thing?
And how did ARCAM even learn about it?
[Yu] There was another original
discovered a long time ago.
That one's already been sealed by ARCAM.
[Yu] Analysis of that skull showed
that it was capable of releasing
a tremendous amount of energy.
Around 200 million megajoules of heat.
Equivalent to multiple nuclear bomb blast.
Somehow, that information
got leaked to the underworld.
An alternative to nuclear power.
[Suzuko sighs]
So now everyone's in a frenzy
looking for the next skull.
[Yu] Professor Kawahara
understood the danger,
but he still helped us find
the second skull.
Even when it meant
giving up the family he loved.
[gasps]
Okay, did that satisfy you at all?
Back home to Japan you go,
and light some incense for your dad--
-[Suzuko] I'm not going home.
-Huh?
This is serious.
What kind of world could allow
something like this to happen?
I'm not leaving here
until I see this thing through.
Whoa now, revenge sprees are a little
out of fashion these days.
[Suzuko] Obviously,
that's not what I mean.
I want the culprit to face justice.
And I want to see the skull returned.
Ms. Kawahara,
this is a next level situation here.
You need to let the team at ARCAM
handle this one.
-[Yu] You just go home to Japan--
-Not happening!
Then you're an idiot!
Honestly, all you'll do is get in the way!
Get out of here, unless you want to end up
like Professor Kawahara.
He's my father.
[Suzuko] My father chose ARCAM
over us, his family.
I now it's pathetic,
but I can't live with myself
if I don't try to get it back.
You people just couldn't comprehend
what all this feels like.
[door opens]
-[door closes]
-[Yu sighs]
[crashes]
Hm?
[ominous music]
Sorry to barge in.
Well, I will admit I wasn't expecting you
to just come strolling in here
in broad daylight, Spriggan.
Neither of us are the sort
who can go running to the police.
Now then, about the skull…
hand it over.
[metallic swooshing, clangs]
Oh, no, no. We're not gonna
give it up that easily.
If you want it,
then you'll have to come and get it.
Who is this nasty piece of work?
[Kutheimer] Allow me.
This is Party Comrade Hans Schneider.
He's the one who retrieved
the crystal skull for us.
[Kutheimer] Most impressive.
[grunts]
Oh, dammit.
[Yu] Another job to take care of
before I take the skull back.
I think you have a little lesson
to learn about pain.
Then how much it hurts to be dismembered
while you're still alive!
[grunting]
[Bo] Don't get ahead of yourself.
I'm the one you need to worry about.
The name you're looking for is Bo Brantz,
and I'm the man who'll be sending you
straight to hell.
Remember the name?
[laughs]
Are you for real?
I can't believe you said that
with a straight face.
[Yu] All right, it's been fun.
Later alligator--
[screeching]
[gasps]
[Bo] How do you like my speed?
You see, my already powerful body
has an added enhancement.
[scoffs]
All doped up, are you?
All right, big guy.
I'm down to play dirty, too!
Enough talk!
Come on, Spriggan, can't keep up with me?
[weapons clanging]
[grunting]
[Yu grunts]
[laughs]
Nice dodging.
But next time, I won't hold back.
[Bo] This time,
I'm gonna take your head off.
[Yu] I predicted his moves before, but…
Right, left.
Which would be next?
[male voice] Behind you on the left.
[gasps]
What?
[grunts]
-[Yu yells]
-[crashes]
[breathes heavily]
How? There's no way.
No one can keep up with my speed.
It's impossi--
[groans]
-[Bo choking]
-Whoa, hold still, buddy.
This wire is made of steel.
If you put up too much of a fight,
it'll cut your throat.
[male voice] Behind you, on the left.
[Yu] What was that voice just now?
Let me go. You and I are done.
-[Yu] I said hold still.
-[choking]
[Bo groaning]
[Yu] Okay then, it's your turn next.
I'm going to avenge
Professor Kawahara's murder.
[suspenseful music]
[Yu gasps]
[groans]
[Bo screaming]
[Mirage] That outfit of yours
is disappointing.
It's very flashy.
But it certainly
won't protect you from me.
[grunts]
You bastard.
Spriggan, have you heard
of Mirage's talents?
[Kutheimer] As you've seen,
he's highly competent.
He practices a mysterious Eastern art.
Oh, come on.
Anyone in our world
who hasn't heard of him is a tourist.
Well, that explains
why I didn't sense anything coming.
What are you doing here with this asshole?
[Yu groans]
Try to calm down.
You have had quite a shock.
My lash strike damaged
your internal organs.
Mirage, don't hold back now.
Go ahead and kill the Spriggan.
[Hans] That's right, Mirage.
Do it. Kill the little brat.
Understood, sir.
Bastard!
[clanging]
-[Mirage] Give up.
-[gasps]
We both know you'll never defeat me
with that feeble toy.
Oh, yeah?
[tense music]
[glass shatters]
-[Yu grunting]
-[people exclaiming]
[tires screeching]
Get in!
[engine revs]
[Kutheimer] Mirage.
Why did you allow him to escape?
My apologies.
He was stronger than I expected.
Hey, Mirage, how come those fancy
strikes of yours worked on him?
He had on a kind of specialized suit.
[Mirage] Yes, but what one is wearing
has no relation to their chi.
[Bo] Chi?
What is that?
Chi is the origin of life.
I feel chi. I am able to direct its flow
which allows me to attack
my enemies internally.
Armor or no, you cannot stop it.
Hm, this is bad.
Yeah, the son of a bitch
landed a good hit.
You were very reckless
facing the enemy alone like that.
-[Yu groans]
-You can't just wing everything, you know.
I know. I know.
I learned a hard lesson.
Just finish bandaging.
-[phone vibrates]
-[gasps]
Sorry, it's a work thing.
I'll be back in a sec.
It's them, isn't it, Yu?
-[Yu] Uh…
-[Suzuko] I know what's going on.
And this time, you're taking me with you.
[sighs]
Well, then we better get a move on.
[ominous music]
[muffled fire crackling]
[Bo] Captain.
[Bo] Captain Kutheimer.
[gasps]
[Kutheimer sighs heavily]
[Bo] Everything's almost ready, sir.
I just had a vision.
I saw the Führer once more, Bo.
The Führer took me by the hand
and then looked me square in the eye.
He urged me to carry out the great plan.
We have just finished securing
the module, sir.
All good here. The data is right on track.
We're ready anytime.
Then, let us begin.
[Suzuko] What a production.
What on earth
could they be doing down there?
Just watch, you'll see.
[skull blaring]
[technician 1]
Vibrational amplification increasing.
Sinusoidal wave is steady.
Phase status, 30 percent synchronized.
[technician 2] Ten seconds
until the battery is depleted.
[technician 3] Sixty percent.
Eighty percent.
Initiating discharge.
[warbling]
[explosion]
[rumbling]
-Whoa!
-[man] Watch out!
[Suzuko grunting]
-Take a good look.
-[gasps]
[Yu] This is the real truth that Professor
Kawahara gave his life to protect.
This is the power of the Crystal Skull.
[Kutheimer] 1945…
[gasps]
I saw this same light
back in '45 from Berlin.
It was dull then, and hot.
That light was the light of defeat.
Not now, not this time.
Oh, no, this light is the light
of the victory we have dreamt of
for so long now.
[Kutheimer] All the pieces are in place.
And finally, the hour has come
to follow in the footsteps of the Führer
and see my Holy German Empire
rise up against the rest of the world.
[distant explosion]
[whirring]
[researcher 1] Just like the report said.
[reseacher 2] Yeah.
[researcher 1] Radiation readings are
within limits.
So what the hell happened here
that caused this?
[suspenseful music]
[reporter] At 10 p.m, last night,
there was a large explosion in the desert
on the outskirts of Alexandria.
We've received some video footage
of last night's mysterious blast.
Even 30 kilometers away,
you can see the devastation it caused.
The Egyptian army spokesperson
unequivocally denied theories
that this was an accident caused
by the military testing new weapons.
He also warned that statements…
[man] It's time. Let's go.
[Suzuko] Okay.
[metallinc squealing]
Hm.
[explosion]
[Kutheimer] What do you think
of this esteemed party, comrades?
This here, is what we of the National
Socialist Patriot Party
have long been searching for.
This is the power of a real Crystal Skull.
This is quite amazing.
Such ferocious power.
[Kutheimer] As I'm sure you are aware,
the Nazis once scour the earth
searching for texts
of ancient civilizations
on orders from the Führer's.
Amongst the items, there was a manuscript
that was believed to have been written
by Alexander the Great.
[Kutheimer] He learned of mysterious
vestiges of the past
scattered through different lands,
and so learned of the existence
of advanced ancient civilizations.
This Crystal Skull that you see here
is recorded in that manuscript
as one of the many artifacts
that Alexander the Great gathered
during his travels.
[Kutheimer] In times of peace, it powered
the lighthouse to guide his ships.
In times of war, it became a mighty weapon
and he used its lightning
to set his enemy ships ablaze.
I am sure you can all appreciate
its power,
especially after last night's
demonstration.
This true Crystal Skull, once the light
that illuminated Alexandria,
is now the light of hope
that will guide us,
the National Socialist
Patriot Party ahead!
[party cadre] Marvelous!
We are another step closer
to our cherished goal.
[applause]
Chief, we just got an email from HQ.
Yes, I saw. We really can't keep
doing business with, uh…
the violent nutcases.
What do you think my party comrades?
Oh, it's truly a spectacular result.
We shall bring the report back
to our company for consideration.
You are much too kind.
But, Captain Kutheimer,
where does all of this incredible energy
come from, sir?
[whispers]
Shut up, idiot!
-[Kutheimer] My young comrades!
-[gasps]
[Kutheimer]
Do you understand the inner workings
of all the various items that you use
in your day to day lives?
[man chuckling]
Well, not all of them.
We aren't concern with understanding
the superior science of the ancient world.
The most important thing
is that we are able to use it.
After all, what lies within the skull
is far beyond the reach
of mere human understanding.
[Yu] Oh, yeah. I'm with you on that one.
Hm?
So you understand why I definitely
can't let you have the skull.
Nice to see you again.
I don't mean to nag,
but I am gonna need that.
[Kutheimer] Hello, Spriggan,
when did you get here?
Where are the party comrades on guard?
[Yu] They don't have to be in work
to death 24/7.
They're fast asleep outside.
Hm.
Your recklessness knows no bounds,
does it, Spriggan?
[Kutheimer] Has it not occurred
that such recklessness
may very well cost you your life?
[scoffs]
Maybe so.
-[exclaims]
-If you don't mind me
turning your sponsor into swiss cheese.
[gasps]
[Yu] Without his funding,
you'll be just another powerless cult.
[Bo] You little coward!
[Yu] Tell me what you're planning to do
with the skull.
You can't change the world with just that.
Oh, can't I though?
[Kutheimer] With the skull,
I'll neutralize
all intercontinental ballistic missiles
upsetting the global nuclear balance.
Once the world has worn down
by the chaos that will follow,
our final goal will be easily achievable.
Final goal?
The Führer. He speaks to me once again.
He calls on me to rebuild
The Great German Empire at long last.
[Kutheimer] I am the heir
to the Führer's ambitions.
Behold comrades, with this Crystal Skull,
I will build The Holy German Empire
of our dreams and reunite the world.
[laughs]
Wow, he's even further gone
than I thought.
-Which just proves my point…
-[gasps]
[Yu] Well, your sponsor or the skull?
Make your decision.
I'm not a patient guy.
[Kutheimer] Hm?
[Hans] Show's over, you stupid rat!
This is your little woman, right?
I just caught her
trying to sneak into the building.
[Hans] How very brave of her.
Ms. Kawahara…
I refuse to let you have the skull!
[Suzuko] In the name of my father,
I'll never let you unleash
that horrible power.
[sighs]
Spriggan, looks like it's your turn
to make a decision.
[Kutheimer] Do you want
to watch her die or not?
All right, all right. You win.
Now, release Ms. Kawahara.
She has absolutely
nothing to do with this.
[Bo] Yeah, release her, Hans!
Our party doesn't resort
to taking innocent hostages.
Why would we need to? When my power--
[Kutheimer] Silence!
[Bo] Wait, what?
[Kutheimer] Good work.
You've done well, Hans.
As a reward, you can have the girl.
Go on, slice her up.
You have earned the treat.
[gasps]
You let her go!
[suspenseful music]
[laughs]
I haven't cut up an Asian girl
in a very long time.
-[Suzuko grunts]
-[Hans] I got goosebumps.
Stop, Hans! No!
[Hans laughing]
[Suzuko gasps]
What?
[grunting]
Captain, your methods are cowardly.
Therefore, where I belong is here.
[Kutheimer] What the hell
do you think you're doing, Mirage?
[Yu] Moron. What kind of corny name
is Mirage? You bought that?
His real code name is Oboro.
The strongest of the Spriggan agents
and my teacher.
[Bo] No! There's no way…
[Oboro] Oh, I assure you there is.
You're a disgusting traitor.
Shoot them both dead, now!
[guns firing]
[men whimpering]
[Oboro] That's dangerous.
One mustn't fire recklessly.
[firing continues]
[groaning]
[gasps]
Quickly now. You should get out of here!
Oh. Okay.
[snarls]
What are you waiting for?
Hurry up, get the skull out of here!
[groaning]
Yu, they're escaping
with the Crystal Skull.
Copy that. Leave it to me.
[gasps]
[tense music]
[panting]
[grunting]
I won't let you escape.
Spriggan, we're not done yet.
[groans]
I wouldn't get any ideas.
You think you're so strong,
we can test that.
Well, thank you, Oboro!
[grunts]
I hate cowards who resort
to taking hostages.
But worse than a coward is a traitor!
That's very interesting since I don't
recall pledging my loyalty to you.
Don't waste your breath.
I'm gonna bury you, traitor.
[Hans panting]
Damn that Mirage guy.
[gasps]
Now, I can't have you
running off all alone.
Cutting people up, that's your thing?
[Yu] Why don't you try and cut me.
Screw you kid!
[grunting]
Ooh, damn it!
[bones cracking]
[Hans screaming, whining]
Do you understand
what pain feels like now?
[Hans whimpering]
I get it. I get it. I do.
Just leave me alone.
Fine. Then get the hell away from me!
[Hans screaming]
[thuds]
[Yu] Ms. Kawahara!
[Suzuko] What took you so long?
[Yu] Sorry. Just an offering
for your old man.
Huh?
Where'd the skull go?
I just saw them load it into a truck
and drive off with it.
-[engine starts]
-[Yu] Right.
We're going after them.
[tense music]
[whirring]
Are you ever going to stop
running around in circles.
[Bo laughs]
Just wait.
Soon you'll be cast
into an endless abyss of terror.
You're quite fired up, I see. Very well.
[thumps]
[shrieks]
-[glass shatters]
-[Bo screams, groans]
-[Oboro] That won't do, my friend.
-What?
Your movement is inefficient.
It makes you weak.
And that's why you get taken down
so quicklly.
No, it's not.
I merely let my guard down for a moment.
Ha! Can you keep up with me
when I'm in full speed?
[shrieks]
[Oboro] Is that the full extent
of your abilities?
Well, that's a shame.
And it is nothing for you to be proud of.
[grunts]
Bastard!
[people exclaiming]
Captain Kutheimer! It's them!
They're after us!
[grunts]
Don't just sit there.
[Kutheimer] Blow them away, you idiots!
But… but we could
hit innocent people, sir.
[Kutheimer] I don't care, fire!
[guns firing]
[Suzuko shrieks]
[glass shattering]
[people screaming]
-You okay? Talk to me.
-Uh-huh.
-[people clamoring]
-[Yu] Damn that bastard.
Right in the middle of a town.
Unforgivable!
[engine starts]
[tense music]
[customers yelping]
-[thuds]
-[Bo grunts]
-[grunts]
-[woman shrieks]
[exhales heavily]
Damn, I got played.
I didn't think he was
an enhanced human, too.
-[Oboro] Don't be ridiculous.
-[gasps]
One need not resort
to such crude measures.
With training, there is no limit
to how fast you could become.
That muscle of yours you flaunt,
might as well be for show.
Say what?
[Oboro] If anything, your size or bulk
is hindering your movement.
[grunts]
Shut up!
[Bo] You bastard! How dare you mock
my magnificent body?
[Oboro] For goodness sake…
Why are all Westerners
so obsessed with technology?
The skills you've built
are good for nothing but killing.
Damn you!
[Bo groans]
[tense music]
-[Bo panting]
-[Oboro] Worn out already?
Shut it! Give me a second!
Behold… this is the ace I've had
on my sleeve all along.
Oh?
What do you think?
[echoing]
My ultimate technique
developed from studying Japanese ninjas!
The doppelganger!
How predictably old-fashioned.
Still, it is preferable to the blustering
you've been doing until now.
Enough!
[echoing]
Before you talk too big a game,
try dodging this!
[echoing exhale]
Huh? How?
I spent years developing
the doppelganger technique.
How does he have so many more
doppelgangers than I do?
And now you may perceive
the true potential of your technique.
[gasps]
[music stops]
[Bo grunting]
[Bo] My… my body won't move.
Calm yourself.
You'll be able to move again soon.
[Bo] Wait.
I don't get it.
You won so why didn't you kill me?
Truthfully, you have promise.
Go and retrain yourself.
Then, if you still wish for me
to kill you, I will gladly.
You… you bastard! You coward!
I'm gonna make you regret this!
Is that so?
[Oboro] I invite you to try.
[sobs]
[Bo] Damn you!
[tense upbeat music]
[guns firing]
[Suzuko grunts]
[shrieks]
Captain, we're completely out of bullets!
Then use our last resort.
Use the skull and send them to hell.
Sir, we can't do that.
If we use the skull here,
we'll be caught in the blast radius.
[all gasp]
You'll do it or you'll die!
Hey, what are they doing?
Oh, no.
Are they really trying
to activate the skull?
[Suzuko] What?
These idiots are getting reckless now.
Here, take the wheel!
What? Huh? Hold on a minute. What?
This is all we've got?
No way. You are not going to throw that.
[Suzuko] Do high schoolers these days
not know the law of inertia?
That grenade will just decelerate
and blow the two of us to bits instead.
Well, check this out.
[party member] We've passed 20 percent
phase synchronization.
Lucky for us,
I throw faster than a bullet train.
Start discharge! Brace for the aftershock!
400 kilometers per hour!
[grunts]
[swooshing]
[yelps]
[explosion]
[men yelping]
[music stops]
[footsteps]
[grunts]
[Yu] He's getting away.
You want me to stop him?
Mm-mm.
My father died protecting this skull.
It's enough for me that we were
just able to get it back.
Yeah, I get that.
[Kutheimer gasping for air]
[coughing]
I am afraid that I cannot allow you
to escape.
You dirty, insolent traitor!
[grunting]
[groans]
[Kutheimer choking]
You bastard! What did you do to me?
The chi around your heart,
I disrupted the flow of it.
Your heart will now be unable
to pump adequately
to meet your body's needs.
[straining]
Uh, just you wait. Soon, you'll see.
[Kutheimer gasping]
Nothing will change in the end, you know,
even if you do take the skull.
Because you see,
the Führer will always be with me.
The Führer will speak to me and guide me,
and then he will welcome me
to the promised land. Yes.
[Kutheimer] Then, the world will be ours.
Ours at last.
And I'm simply dying to see it.
[Kutheimer laughing]
[chokes]
I see your method of killing
is still brutal as ever.
[Oboro] Naturally.
I have not had an acquaintance suffer
such a horrific death since…
Well, I suppose, not since Yu's parents.
-[both gasp]
-Hey, that's not…
a thing we need to discuss, thank you.
Is that true?
[grunts]
It's naïve to think
-you're the only who's suffered.
-[gasps]
Anyway, Oboro, I can't believe
you actually hit me yesterday.
It's still hurting.
If I had really hit you, Ominae,
your insides would have come out
of your mouth.
Sure, but you couldn't have pulled
the punch just a little more?
[Oboro] Yes, but if
I didn't hurt you at all,
then they wouldn't have trusted me
as their ally.
[Yu] Oh, so my trust
doesn't mean anything, huh?
[dramatic music]
I don't get it. You've had time
off from school for an entire week,
how are you still this tired?
[Yu] Too much gaming.
Jet lag.
[Hatsuho] What?
What are you mumbling about?
I heard a rumor that we got a smoking
hottie subbing for World History.
[male student 1] Yeah, it's true.
I saw her in the staff room this morning.
[male student 2] Oh, man, I can't wait!
-[door opens]
-Look, it's her.
Wow, she is pretty.
-Stand up.
-[chairs scraping]
-[Kagaho] Bow.
-[Yu snoring]
Sit down.
[Yu snoring]
Oh, crap!
Hey Ominae, wake up!
Yu Ominae, do I have that right?
Huh?
[groans]
Rise and shine.
Would you care to join the class?
[Suzuko] I wanted to follow in my father's
footsteps and dig for ancient artifacts,
so I quit my old job and went to ARCAM
to ask about joining up,
and to thank them for everything they did.
And when I went, Director Yamamoto told me
that there was no reason
I would need to quit teaching.
And after that,
he referred me to this school.
How about that?
Well, you know, this whole school
is run on ARCAM's funding.
Really? Then that explains
my large salary.
By the way, the Crystal Skull,
what will you do with it?
Oh, yeah. In a couple of weeks,
it's gonna be transferred to a secure
vault at our American Headquarters.
[Suzuko] So where is it now?
[chuckles]
Right now,
it's in the safest place in the world.
[Suzuko] What does that mean?
[closing theme music]